Add ADaaS documentation. (#64)
devrev/fern-api-docs: fern/docs/pages/references/adaas/terminology.mdx

> # Terminology

Reviewer: I'd recommend against having a separate terminology page and just include these descriptions where the concepts are introduced. It's not a good user experience and introduces maintenance issues.

## External System

An External System refers to any system (data source, CRM, etc.) that is not DevRev, e.g., Jira, Zendesk, HubSpot, etc.
The External System ID is the identifier of an organization in the External System.

> For GitHub, this would be the organization name, i.e. `devrev` in `github.com/devrev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For GitHub, this would be the organization name, for example `devrev` in `github.com/devrev`.
```

> For Jira, this would be the organization name in the Jira domain name, i.e. `devrev` in `devrev.atlassian.net`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Jira, this would be the organization name in the Jira domain name, for example `devrev` in `devrev.atlassian.net`.
```

You can read more about Snap-Ins in the [developer documentation](https://developer.devrev.ai/snapin-development/concepts#snap-in).

## ADaaS

Airdrop-as-a-Service (ADaaS) gives [Snap-In](#snap-in) developers the ability to integrate with DevRev’s [Airdrop](#airdrop) functionality.
It enables developers to create [Extractors](#extractor) and [Loaders](#loader) for various [External Systems](#external-system).

## Extractor

An Extractor is an [ADaaS](#adaas) [Snap-In](#snap-in) responsible for extracting data from an [External System](#external-system), such as Jira, Zendesk, HubSpot, etc.
It uses a standardized communication protocol for talking to [Airdrop](#airdrop) and a standardized data structure for all the files it extracts and processes,
so that they can be seamlessly imported into DevRev.

## Loader

A Loader is an [ADaaS](#adaas) [Snap-in](#snap-in) that is responsible for loading data from [Airdrop](#airdrop) into an [External System](#external-system).
It is very similar to an [Extractor](#extractor), but it does the reverse job.

## Worker

An [Extractor](#extractor) or [Loader](#loader).

## Forward Sync

> A Forward Sync is a sync from an [External System](#external-system) to DevRev.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A forward sync is a sync from an [external system](#external-system) to DevRev.
```
